[hard rock music playing]
What the…? That's not supposed to happen.
[gasping] She got him!
[Lars exclaiming]
[Abigail] Curse you, Arshes Nei.
I am going to make you pay, and pay dearly
for what you've just done.
Prepare yourself, girl.
You dare to inflict injury
on a priest of the darkness!
You have committed
an act of treason against the gods!
[Arshes scoffing]
Please, don't make me laugh.
If the god has awakened, then nothing
can stop the destruction to come.
No matter what, they won't be able to stop
or kill such a god.
Therefore, no one would ever be able
to control such a god.
Both of us know
what this god of yours really is.
[Abigail] Hmm.
Anthrasax is no god!
Anthrasax is a demon!
You tried to deceive us,
the Four Divine Kings,
and resurrect an evil demon
from the ancient world.
[Abigail cackling]
And what if I did?
You're a devil.
I'm going to kill you!
What the…?
What's that?
Nue!
No. Impossible!
How did he come back to life?
Reiken Gekika!
[Nue roaring]
[Lars] Nue's transforming into a sword!
Now, behold, the Lightning Sword!
[music fades]
[opening theme song playing]
♪ Save the pain for another day ♪
♪ Say you understand, swear to look away ♪
♪ Don’t you dare go asking any questions ♪
♪ What you feel isn’t real ♪
♪ Dry your tears, learn to pretend ♪
♪ Never take a stand, bow and comprehend ♪
♪ Don’t you dare go asking any questions ♪
♪ The less you think, the more you win ♪
♪ The less you give, the more you get ♪
♪ Bloody, power, fame ♪
♪ It’s all out of control ♪
♪ Out of control ♪
♪ Nothing will save us anymore ♪
♪ Standing at the gates of hell
Still wanting more, more, more ♪
♪ Bloody, power, and fame ♪
♪ But all we want
Is bloody, power, and fame ♪
[song fades]
[lightning cracking]
TYRANNY
[Sheila] The four seals that seal away
the evil and savage God of Destruction
were entrusted by the ancient world
to the four royal families.
The oldest established bloodlines
on the continent.
The families have a duty
to guard the seals.
Indeed, the fulfillment of this duty
was the whole reason
that the royal families were created.
The knights, the shrines,
and all the institutions of this kingdom
were created for the purpose
of guarding this seal from evil.
-[Dark Schneider] Hmm.
-[footsteps approaching]
So that's what this thing is.
No wonder you're always wearing it.
[Sheila] Uh…
No.
This is an heirloom from my late mother.
-Huh?
-[priests gasping]
[Dark Schneider] That's not the seal?
But… but you're always fiddling with it
at, like, big dramatic moments like…
You know, like right now!
Oh, that's just a nervous habit.
[Dark Schneider yelling]
The seal is hidden.
Hidden in a place
where it's very hard to find.
It's hidden…
[dramatic music playing]
What? You're saying
the seal is hidden there?
You can't be serious!
No! But, your Highness,
how could such a thing be?
[Head Priest]
The seal is actually in the Princess'…
I-i-it's… it's unbelievable!
I realize that the future of the world
is at stake, but this…
this is too much.
[Sheila gasping]
[Sheila] Dark Schneider.
[inaudible]
I know
that I don't really owe you a thing,
but I also know that you once came
to the ninja fortress for Yoko.
[Sheila crying]
All right.
I'll protect you.
[Sheila] Thank you.
[Lars exclaiming]
Answer me!
If there's no way of controlling
the God of Destruction,
then doesn't that mean
that the Sorcer Kingdom,
the ultimate utopia,
was nothing but a lie you used
to deceive us, Abigail?
[Yoko gasping]
What if there was a way
we could have control over the god?
We could choose to spare
only those who obey us.
[Yoko] If there's no way of controlling
Anthrasax, the God of Destruction,
then the whole world
is going to be destroyed.
Oh no.
But if that's the case,
why is Abigail trying to resurrect
the God of Destruction in the first place?
[Abigail cackling]
Your treachery
has angered the god, Arshes Nei.
[Arshes grunting]
[Abigail] And our god is a merciless god.
Now you must prepare yourself
to suffer divine punishment.
[hard rock music playing]
[Arshes gasping]
[Arshes grunting]
What?
Da, u, a, u,
ta, o, a, tsu,
a, do, do, ki, ba, sa…
[Abigail continuing chanting]
Just what is all this?
The Demon Mail
and Devil Mace are changing.
[Abigail cackling]
[Abigail] The three demonic treasures
reveal their true power
when they join together as one.
Now, you demonic treasures,
the time has come for your true power
to be activated.
Super Demonic Formation!
[Abigail cackling]
[chuckling] Ultimate Composite Form,
Giant Abigail!
COMPOSITE DEMONIC KING
OMEGA ABIGAIL THE FIRST
This is impossible.
[Lars] He merged with it?
[Abigail cackling]
The Demonic King sucks up
an endless amount of energy
from the humans and from the earth itself.
His body is invulnerable!
No blade or magic attack
can ever hurt him!
Those who receive punishment
at the hands of the Demonic King
always die!
The humans call it divine retribution!
[grunting] Exactly
what in the world are you anyway?
You don't deserve to know my name!
[Arshes] Damn you, Abigail!
-Be grateful, Nei.
-[hard rock music playing]
Divine retribution
will come swiftly for you!
[Abigail cackling]
Die, Empress!
[Arshes grunting]
[Arshes] Watch out!
[Abigail] Abigail Buster!
That heat is so intense.
You really think you can run away?
No! You wounded me,
and now you will pay for that!
[Arshes grunting]
[Arshes gasping]
[Arshes] I can't use the Raijinken here.
I need to find a spot
that gives me more of an advantage.
[Abigail cackling]
You cannot escape. Do you hear me, Nei?
You must die!
Abigail Beam!
-[Yoko screaming]
-Time to hang on tight!
[soldiers] Huh?
[soldiers screaming]
[Arshes] That was close.
If that had hit me…
Was that some kind of magic attack?
I don't know.
I didn't feel him focus his energy
when he cast the spell.
And I didn't sense any elementals either.
Could it be this is the magic
of the ancient world they speak of?
[deep rumbling]
Huh?
What the blazes is going on down there?
Even if he's one of the Four Divine Kings,
he's by himself, so go deal with him!
Sir, he's by himself, yes,
but he's merged
with the three demonic treasures
and gotten much bigger.
He… he what?
Impossible!
There is no way on earth
such a thing could ever…
[soldiers grunting]
[soldiers screaming, gasping]
[screaming]
[Bon Jovina] Is that… is that Abigail?
[Bon Jovina gasping]
[ominous music playing]
[Abigail cackling]
[Abigail] You cannot escape me,
Arshes Nei.
[intense music playing]
-[soldier] What is that thing? [screaming]
-[soldier 2] A monster. Sound the alarm!
[Demonic King roaring]
[Head Priest gasping]
There, on the monster's chest!
That face! It's Abigail!
Incredible!
So he has merged
with the three demonic treasures!
I can't believe it.
How could it be?
Those magic weapons are supposed to devour
the flesh of any and all living beings.
[Head Priest] What?
But then how, Great Priest,
how has Abigail managed to do it?
What kind of being is he
that he could merge himself
with those weapons and survive?
The only ones
who could use the demonic treasures
are creatures
from the underworld and the undead.
Those who have received life
from the darkness.
[Sheila] Darkness?
From the darkness?
[Abigail cackling]
I told you there's no escaping me.
Now don't you run off
before I show you what hell looks like.
This guy has a way of sounding terrifying
and really corny at the same time.
[Lars groaning]
[Arshes] In that last fight against Lynch,
I learned that swords and magic spells
don't work against the Demon Mail.
Secret Haouken Thunder Claw Strike!
[chuckling] It serves you right.
[both gasping]
Watch out!
But I still haven't tried attacking
with the Raijinken,
strong enough to split mountains.
And now that there's nothing around
to obstruct the attack,
I can use it's full power.
[Arshes roaring]
[Arshes] Super Ballistic Thunder Strike!
[Demonic King roaring]
[all gasping]
You liar!
You told me that our mission, our goal,
was to use Anthrasax's power
to bring order to this world
after we conquered it!
But how can we do that
if Anthrasax destroys the world?
You're the one
who's going to get a good look at hell!
Now die, Abigail!
[Arshes gasping]
[Arshes screaming]
[Yoko gasping]
[Abigail cackling]
[Abigail] You credulous little fool.
Did you really believe
that my goal was as mundane
as creating a new and better world?
[Abigail cackling]
How naive you are!
The goal I'm seeking to achieve
is something far more noble
than that of mere creation.
[Abigail cackling]
[Abigail] My goal is destruction.
To destroy everything!
To destroy everything in this world!
What a magnificent goal!
All living beings eliminated
from the face of the earth.
All of creation turned to ashes.
I will destroy everything
using Anthrasax, the God of Destruction!
-[dramatic music playing]
-[Abigail cackling]
[Abigail] Dark Schneider was too cunning
and distrustful to be deceived.
The three of you, however,
were more than willing to do my bidding.
Thanks to you,
my dreams are now close to coming true.
[Arshes grunting]
You're mad! You're insane.
[Abigail] Ha! Far from it!
This is the reason I exist,
to fulfill the noble mission
handed down to me by the ancient world.
[Arshes grunting]
No. What happened to you?
[Abigail] That you don't need to know.
[Arshes groaning]
Arshes Nei, you are going to die!
[Dark Schneider] Mortal, mortal,
dehlu, dehlu fass…
Hmm? What's that spell being cast?
[Dark Schneider]
Faithful servant, hear me.
Answer your master's command!
Mortal Sin, let the Golem Awake!
-[hard rock music playing]
-[Abigail] No. It can't be.
That sound…
[Lars exclaiming]
[choir vocalizing intensely]
[Dark Schneider scoffing]
Darsh.
He's here.
It's that golem again!
Oh! Look, it's Dark Schneider
and that terrible golem from before.
[Head Priest] I see.
He's going to fight poison with poison.
That giant, evil, horrible monster
is starting to look like our savior now!
Back off, Abigail!
Don't you dare touch my dear Arshes
with those cock-smelly hands of yours.
I'll kill you!
My what?
My cock-smelly… [growling]
[Arshes groaning]
[Arshes] Darsh…
[scoffing] I can't believe
you'd stoop so low, even to get a seal.
You really are a loser, you know?
[Abigail seething]
Careful, Darsh!
In his present form he's immune
to magic spells and sword attacks!
Silence, pig!
[Arshes screaming]
[all gasping]
[Arshes groaning]
You have fallen into depravity,
Dark Schneider.
You once ruled the underworld
as the Emperor of Darkness,
the Prince of Hell.
Now look at you.
A second-rate monkey sucking up
to humankind and the forces of good.
Careful, Abigail.
[Abigail cackling]
[Abigail] Who's the loser?
You even failed at being reborn!
[Dark Schneider] You shit-heel.
How dare you!
Ah! Dark Schneider's on the move now.
Go on! Get him! Destroy the monster!
[Dark Schneider roaring]
[Gara] Wait, wait!
Don't go into it half-cocked!
Try not to be a reckless idiot!
Darsh, don't do it!
He's too strong now!
[Abigail chuckling]
May you finally learn
the true meaning of fear
as you cross over the border
between life and death.
[Dark Schneider] Oh, shut up!
Dark Schneider Golem Punch
and Kick!
[Abigail groaning]
[onlookers gasping]
You sneaky bastard.
How could you possibly have known
that the one and only weak spot
on the otherwise perfect body
of the Composite Demonic King,
Omega Abigail the First,
is my exposed face? How?
Well,
simple.
[chuckling]
Dark Schneider is a natural-born genius.
Everybody in the world knows that.
Huh?
[gasping]
[Yoko] Uh…
-[ominous music playing]
-All right, Dark Schneider.
I see now
that you are a very dangerous man.
It's now obvious
I will have to destroy you
if I'm ever to fulfill my noble mission!
Destroy you completely!
Right back at you
for daring to hurt my dear Arshes.
You asshole,
brace yourself for a trip to hell!
[footsteps approaching]
[Abigail cackling]
That's it! [cackling]
Yes, that's it exactly.
You have a weak spot too.
And now I know exactly what it is!
[Dark Schneider grunting]
[Abigail] Hmm. Well?
What are you going
to do now, Dark Schneider?
-[Yoko] Nei!
-[Dark Schneider] Arshes!
[Arshes groaning]
Nei!
[Abigail cackling]
Fifteen years ago,
you wouldn't have hesitated to attack,
not even for a moment.
You were pure evil back then.
Unconstrained by any morality or emotion.
That's what made you strong.
It's what made you such a powerful wizard.
[Dark Schneider seething]
[Abigail cackling]
But now I just have
to use this one girl as a shield,
and you're completely helpless.
That's what being good gets you.
You were so naive!
So very naive!
That villain,
holding a woman hostage.
That's dastardly!
I don't care much for Dark Schneider,
but I dislike this fellow even more.
Sir, I agree with you,
but we can't do anything about it
as long as he's got hold of her.
[Bon Jovina grunting]
You're right. All we can do
is sit and await our chance.
[Bon Jovina gasping]
Well, all right.
You win, great Lord Abigail.
I'm man enough to know when I'm beaten,
and I've been beaten.
So just tell me what you want me to do.
I'll do anything you say.
And I mean anything at all. Really.
[chuckling] Okay? Deal?
Really! If total global destruction
is what you want,
then I'll help you do it, Master!
That's right. I'll be your servant.
Your total slave.
Use me as you wish, Master.
Just please, please don't kill her.
My sweet, precious Arshes
is even more important to me
than my own life, Master.
Please don't kill her!
[Yoko] Lucien…
[Arshes] Darsh…
[Abigail cackling]
[Abigail] Very interesting.
All right, Dark Schneider.
My first order to you is die!
Make yourself die,
and I swear I will spare Nei!
More than that,
once you're out of the picture,
I'll make her my mistress.
[Abigail cackling]
[Abigail screaming]
[intense music playing]
Shut your filthy mouth!
I can't stand here
and listen to this crap anymore!
[Arshes groaning]
[Abigail groaning]
That was a dirty trick!
You won't get away with it!
Oh, shut up!
You made the mistake
of really pissing me off.
Now I'm gonna rip your dick off
and feed it to Lars!
[Lars] Wait. What?
[hard rock music playing]
Oh, Darsh!
[Yoko] No wonder she's happy.
The person she loves most
in the world fought for her.
I can understand how she feels.
I've never seen Lucien like this before.
You all right?
Yes, now that you're here.
[Yoko] There is a strong bond
between the two of them.
One that nobody else
can ever fully understand.
To Nei, Dark Schneider
is obviously more than just a father.
Much more.
What's so great
about a guy like him, anyway?
[music fades]
[ending theme song playing]
[song fades]